docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/pubsub/topic-following-events.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 50
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Topic - Following Events

## Description

This topic can be used to monitor whenever a specified channel receives followers.

In terms of documented replacements, the User Follows Webhook provides another real-time system to receive these events.
If a webhook server cannot be used, one can also query API Helix > Users Followers at a regular interval to determine new followers. In fact, Twitch4J > Client Helper can do this for you.

With all undocumented topics, use at your own risk.

## Method Definition

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| credential | OAuth2Credential | Auth Token (may not necessarily be required) |
| channelId | String | Target Channel Id |

## Code-Snippets

Subscribe to new follower events for user twitch4j and register a listener that prints all messages to console

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
twitchClient.getPubSub().listenForFollowingEvents(credential, "149223493");

twitchClient.getEventManager().onEvent(FollowingEvent.class, System.out::println);
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
twitchClient.pubSub.listenForFollowingEvents(credential, "149223493");

twitchClient.eventManager.onEvent(FollowingEvent::class.java, System.out::println)
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
twitchClient.pubSub.listenForFollowingEvents(credential, "149223493");

twitchClient.eventManager.onEvent(FollowingEvent, System.out::println)
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

docs: update outdated information (#202)
* docs: mark irc sendPrivateMessage as deprecated

* docs: clarify client helper auth and document clip tracking

* docs: clarify some irc details

* docs: add missing code examples for SimpleEventHandler

* docs: avoid deprecated :::caution admonition

* docs: mark some pubsub topics as deprecated

* docs: update gql warnings

* docs: mark tmi as decommissioned

* docs: update documentation contribution guide

* docs: add missing code examples to credential manager page

* docs: use JavaDependency module on event handler pages

* docs: recommend javadoc usage in helix docs index

* docs: update helix endpoint methods

* chore: clarify cd before yarn in documentation.md

* chore: update readme

docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/pubsub/topic-following-events.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 50
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Topic - Following Events

## Description

This topic can be used to monitor whenever a specified channel receives followers.

In terms of documented replacements, the User Follows Webhook provides another real-time system to receive these events.
If a webhook server cannot be used, one can also query API Helix > Users Followers at a regular interval to determine new followers. In fact, Twitch4J > Client Helper can do this for you.

With all undocumented topics, use at your own risk.

:::danger

Twitch silently disabled this topic in November 2023, after deprecating the legacy follows API in September 2023.
Please migrate to EventSub or `TwitchClientHelper`, both of which require moderator (or broadcaster) authorization.

:::

## Method Definition

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| credential | OAuth2Credential | Auth Token (may not necessarily be required) |
| channelId | String | Target Channel Id |

## Code-Snippets

Subscribe to new follower events for user twitch4j and register a listener that prints all messages to console

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
twitchClient.getPubSub().listenForFollowingEvents(credential, "149223493");

twitchClient.getEventManager().onEvent(FollowingEvent.class, System.out::println);
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
twitchClient.pubSub.listenForFollowingEvents(credential, "149223493");

twitchClient.eventManager.onEvent(FollowingEvent::class.java, System.out::println)
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
twitchClient.pubSub.listenForFollowingEvents(credential, "149223493");

twitchClient.eventManager.onEvent(FollowingEvent, System.out::println)
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
