docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/pubsub/topic-presence-events.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 50
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Topic - Presence Events

## Description

This topic can be used to monitor the presence of a specified user's friends (and oneself, to an extent).

Example availabilities include:
* `busy`
* `idle`
* `offline`
* `online`

Example activities include:
* `none`
* `watching`
* `broadcasting`

With all undocumented topics, use at your own risk.

## Method Definition

| Name		  | Type	  | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| credential | OAuth2Credential | User Auth Token for the target user id, with the scope `user_presence_friends_read` and/or `user_presence_edit` |
| userId | String | Target User Id |

## Code-Snippets

### Example: General use

Subscribe to presence events for user `twitch4j` and register a listener that prints all messages to console

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
twitchClient.getPubSub().listenForPresenceEvents(credential, "149223493");

// Listen for presence updates
twitchClient.getEventManager().onEvent(UserPresenceEvent.class, System.out::println);

// Listen for updates to the user's presence settings
twitchClient.getEventManager().onEvent(PresenceSettingsEvent.class, System.out::println);
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
twitchClient.pubSub.listenForPresenceEvents(credential, "149223493")

// Listen for presence updates
twitchClient.eventManager.onEvent(UserPresenceEvent::class.java, System.out::println)

// Listen for updates to the user's presence settings
twitchClient.eventManager.onEvent(PresenceSettingsEvent::class.java, System.out::println)
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
twitchClient.pubSub.listenForPresenceEvents(credential, "149223493")

// Listen for presence updates
twitchClient.eventManager.onEvent(UserPresenceEvent, System.out::println)

// Listen for updates to the user's presence settings
twitchClient.eventManager.onEvent(PresenceSettingsEvent, System.out::println)
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Example: Live status monitoring

Note: a single account can befriend 500 users on Twitch (which is necessary for such presence events to occur), at the time of writing.

Note: these events tend to be fired significantly faster than the documented analogs in the Helix API.

:::caution

**Disclaimer**: Do not solely rely upon this code; fallback mechanisms should be employed as well.

:::

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
twitchClient.getEventManager().onEvent(UserPresenceEvent.class, e -> {
	boolean wentLive = e.getData().getActivities().stream().anyMatch(a -> a.getType().equalsIgnoreCase("broadcasting"));
	if (wentLive) {
		System.out.println(e); // Handle Go Live
	}
});
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
twitchClient.eventManager.onEvent(UserPresenceEvent::class.java) { e ->
	val wentLive = e.`data`.activities.any { it.type.equalsIgnoreCase("broadcasting") }
	if (wentLive) {
		println(e); // Handle Go Live
	}
}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
twitchClient.eventManager.onEvent(UserPresenceEvent) { e ->
	boolean wentLive = e.data.activities.any { it.type.equalsIgnoreCase("broadcasting") }
	if (wentLive) {
		System.out.println(e); // Handle Go Live
	}
}
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

docs: update outdated information (#202)
* docs: mark irc sendPrivateMessage as deprecated

* docs: clarify client helper auth and document clip tracking

* docs: clarify some irc details

* docs: add missing code examples for SimpleEventHandler

* docs: avoid deprecated :::caution admonition

* docs: mark some pubsub topics as deprecated

* docs: update gql warnings

* docs: mark tmi as decommissioned

* docs: update documentation contribution guide

* docs: add missing code examples to credential manager page

* docs: use JavaDependency module on event handler pages

* docs: recommend javadoc usage in helix docs index

* docs: update helix endpoint methods

* chore: clarify cd before yarn in documentation.md

* chore: update readme

docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/pubsub/topic-presence-events.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 50
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Topic - Presence Events

## Description

This topic can be used to monitor the presence of a specified user's friends (and oneself, to an extent).

Example availabilities include:
* `busy`
* `idle`
* `offline`
* `online`

Example activities include:
* `none`
* `watching`
* `broadcasting`

With all undocumented topics, use at your own risk.

:::danger

Twitch [removed](https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/how-to-use-the-friends-feature?language=en_US) the friendship (and, by extension, presence) system in May 2022.
As such, this topic is no longer usable.

:::

## Method Definition

| Name		  | Type	  | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| credential | OAuth2Credential | User Auth Token for the target user id, with the scope `user_presence_friends_read` and/or `user_presence_edit` |
| userId | String | Target User Id |

## Code-Snippets

### Example: General use

Subscribe to presence events for user `twitch4j` and register a listener that prints all messages to console

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
twitchClient.getPubSub().listenForPresenceEvents(credential, "149223493");

// Listen for presence updates
twitchClient.getEventManager().onEvent(UserPresenceEvent.class, System.out::println);

// Listen for updates to the user's presence settings
twitchClient.getEventManager().onEvent(PresenceSettingsEvent.class, System.out::println);
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
twitchClient.pubSub.listenForPresenceEvents(credential, "149223493")

// Listen for presence updates
twitchClient.eventManager.onEvent(UserPresenceEvent::class.java, System.out::println)

// Listen for updates to the user's presence settings
twitchClient.eventManager.onEvent(PresenceSettingsEvent::class.java, System.out::println)
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
twitchClient.pubSub.listenForPresenceEvents(credential, "149223493")

// Listen for presence updates
twitchClient.eventManager.onEvent(UserPresenceEvent, System.out::println)

// Listen for updates to the user's presence settings
twitchClient.eventManager.onEvent(PresenceSettingsEvent, System.out::println)
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Example: Live status monitoring

Note: a single account can befriend 500 users on Twitch (which is necessary for such presence events to occur), at the time of writing.

Note: these events tend to be fired significantly faster than the documented analogs in the Helix API.

:::warning

**Disclaimer**: Do not solely rely upon this code; fallback mechanisms should be employed as well.

:::

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
twitchClient.getEventManager().onEvent(UserPresenceEvent.class, e -> {
	boolean wentLive = e.getData().getActivities().stream().anyMatch(a -> a.getType().equalsIgnoreCase("broadcasting"));
	if (wentLive) {
		System.out.println(e); // Handle Go Live
	}
});
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
twitchClient.eventManager.onEvent(UserPresenceEvent::class.java) { e ->
	val wentLive = e.`data`.activities.any { it.type.equalsIgnoreCase("broadcasting") }
	if (wentLive) {
		println(e); // Handle Go Live
	}
}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
twitchClient.eventManager.onEvent(UserPresenceEvent) { e ->
	boolean wentLive = e.data.activities.any { it.type.equalsIgnoreCase("broadcasting") }
	if (wentLive) {
		System.out.println(e); // Handle Go Live
	}
}
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
