docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/events/channel-message-event.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 210
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# ChannelMessageEvent

## Description

The ChannelMessageEvent is triggered for every normal message in irc.

## Dependencies

Requires the TwitchChat Module to be enabled and active for the source channel. See [TwitchChat](../../chat).

## Examples

### Write Chat to Console

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
eventManager.onEvent(ChannelMessageEvent.class, event -> {
	System.out.println("[" + event.getChannel().getName() + "] " + event.getUser().getName() + ": " + event.getMessage());
});
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
eventManager.onEvent(ChannelMessageEvent::class.java) { event ->
	println("[${event.channel.name}] ${event.user.name}: ${event.message}")
}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
eventManager.onEvent(ChannelMessageEvent) { event ->
	System.out.println "[${event.channel.name}] ${event.user.name}: ${event.message}"
}
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

docs: update outdated information (#202)
* docs: mark irc sendPrivateMessage as deprecated

* docs: clarify client helper auth and document clip tracking

* docs: clarify some irc details

* docs: add missing code examples for SimpleEventHandler

* docs: avoid deprecated :::caution admonition

* docs: mark some pubsub topics as deprecated

* docs: update gql warnings

* docs: mark tmi as decommissioned

* docs: update documentation contribution guide

* docs: add missing code examples to credential manager page

* docs: use JavaDependency module on event handler pages

* docs: recommend javadoc usage in helix docs index

* docs: update helix endpoint methods

* chore: clarify cd before yarn in documentation.md

* chore: update readme

docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/events/channel-message-event.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 210
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# ChannelMessageEvent

## Description

The ChannelMessageEvent is triggered for every normal message in irc.

Note: `/me ` messages fire a separate event, `ChannelMessageActionEvent`.
You can listen to `AbstractChannelMessageEvent` if you want a single event handler that receives both types of messages.

## Dependencies

Requires the TwitchChat Module to be enabled and active for the source channel. See [TwitchChat](../../chat).

## Examples

### Write Chat to Console

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
eventManager.onEvent(ChannelMessageEvent.class, event -> {
	System.out.println("[" + event.getChannel().getName() + "] " + event.getUser().getName() + ": " + event.getMessage());
});
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
eventManager.onEvent(ChannelMessageEvent::class.java) { event ->
	println("[${event.channel.name}] ${event.user.name}: ${event.message}")
}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
eventManager.onEvent(ChannelMessageEvent) { event ->
	System.out.println "[${event.channel.name}] ${event.user.name}: ${event.message}"
}
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
