docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/graphql/index.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 150
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# GraphQL

*Experimental / Unofficial*

The GraphQL API is as unofficial as it can be. It only works by emulating the twitch website (`clientId` and `accessToken` matching the `clientId` of the twitch site itself).

Therefore you need to use the client id of the twitch site and a auth token of the twitch site - a self generated token will not work.

## As Module: Twitch4J

To use GraphQL you need to enable the GraphQL Module when building the Twitch4J Instance, as shown below:

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
TwitchClient twitchClient = TwitchClientBuilder.builder()
    ...
    .withEnableGraphQL(true)
    ...
    .build();
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val twitchClient = TwitchClientBuilder.builder()
    ...
    .withEnableGraphQL(true)
    ...
    .build()
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def twitchClient = TwitchClientBuilder.builder()
    ...
    .withEnableGraphQL(true)
    ...
    .build()
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Standalone

Initialize the GraphQL as Standalone Module:

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
TwitchGraphQL client = TwitchGraphQLBuilder.builder().build();
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val client = TwitchGraphQLBuilder.builder().build()
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def client = TwitchGraphQLBuilder.builder().build()
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## API Methods

User:

- [User -> Follow User](./user-follow)
- [User -> Unfollow User](./user-unfollow)

Commit message:

docs: update outdated information (#202)
* docs: mark irc sendPrivateMessage as deprecated

* docs: clarify client helper auth and document clip tracking

* docs: clarify some irc details

* docs: add missing code examples for SimpleEventHandler

* docs: avoid deprecated :::caution admonition

* docs: mark some pubsub topics as deprecated

* docs: update gql warnings

* docs: mark tmi as decommissioned

* docs: update documentation contribution guide

* docs: add missing code examples to credential manager page

* docs: use JavaDependency module on event handler pages

* docs: recommend javadoc usage in helix docs index

* docs: update helix endpoint methods

* chore: clarify cd before yarn in documentation.md

* chore: update readme

docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/graphql/index.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 150
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# GraphQL

*Experimental / Unofficial*

The GraphQL API is as unofficial as it can be. It only works by emulating the twitch website (`clientId` and `accessToken` matching the `clientId` of the twitch site itself).

Therefore you need to use the client id of the twitch site and a auth token of the twitch site - a self generated token will not work.

:::warning

Twitch's GraphQL API is not intended for third-party use, is not officially documented, and is not officially supported.
Use at your own risk.

:::

:::info

Twitch deployed additional restrictions to GraphQL in September 2022 that has broken most mutations.
Some queries that don't require authentication may continue to function.

:::

## As Module: Twitch4J

To use GraphQL you need to enable the GraphQL Module when building the Twitch4J Instance, as shown below:

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
TwitchClient twitchClient = TwitchClientBuilder.builder()
    ...
    .withEnableGraphQL(true)
    ...
    .build();
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val twitchClient = TwitchClientBuilder.builder()
    ...
    .withEnableGraphQL(true)
    ...
    .build()
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def twitchClient = TwitchClientBuilder.builder()
    ...
    .withEnableGraphQL(true)
    ...
    .build()
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Standalone

Initialize the GraphQL as Standalone Module:

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
TwitchGraphQL client = TwitchGraphQLBuilder.builder().build();
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val client = TwitchGraphQLBuilder.builder().build()
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def client = TwitchGraphQLBuilder.builder().build()
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## API Methods

User:

- [User -> Follow User (Deprecated)](./user-follow)
- [User -> Unfollow User (Deprecated)](./user-unfollow)
