docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/rest-tmi/get-chatters.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 10
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Get Chatters

## Description

Gets vip's, moderators, staff, admins and normal viewers that are currently present in the chat. (Viewers that use a embedded viewer without chat can't be tracked using this)

There is no other way to request information about current viewers, as such this is currently the only way to get a list of people watching a stream.

## Method Definition

```java
@RequestLine("GET /group/user/{channel}/chatters")
HystrixCommand<Chatters> getChatters(
	@Param("channel") String channelName
);
```

*Required Parameters*

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| channelName | text | Target Channel Name |

*Optional Parameters*

None

## Code-Snippets

### print current viewers (chatters)

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
Chatters chatters = twitchClient.getMessagingInterface().getChatters("lirik").execute();

System.out.println("Broadcaster: " + chatters.getBroadcaster());
System.out.println("VIPs: " + chatters.getVips());
System.out.println("Mods: " + chatters.getModerators());
System.out.println("Admins: " + chatters.getAdmins());
System.out.println("Staff: " + chatters.getStaff());
System.out.println("Viewers: " + chatters.getViewers());
System.out.println("All Viewers (sum of the above): " + chatters.getAllViewers());
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val chatters = twitchClient.messagingInterface.getChatters("lirik").execute();

println("Broadcaster: ${chatters.broadcaster}");
println("VIPs: ${chatters.vips}");
println("Mods: ${chatters.moderators}");
println("Admins: ${chatters.admins}");
println("Staff: ${chatters.staff}");
println("Viewers: ${chatters.viewers}");
println("All Viewers (sum of the above): ${chatters.allViewers}");
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def chatters = twitchClient.messagingInterface.getChatters("lirik").execute();

System.out.println("Broadcaster: ${chatters.broadcaster}");
System.out.println("VIPs: ${chatters.vips}");
System.out.println("Mods: ${chatters.moderators}");
System.out.println("Admins: ${chatters.admins}");
System.out.println("Staff: ${chatters.staff}");
System.out.println("Viewers: ${chatters.viewers}");
System.out.println("All Viewers (sum of the above): ${chatters.allViewers}");
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

docs: mark tmi as decommissioned

docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/rest-tmi/get-chatters.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 10
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Get Chatters

## Description

Gets vip's, moderators, staff, admins and normal viewers that are currently present in the chat. (Viewers that use a embedded viewer without chat can't be tracked using this)

There is no other way to request information about current viewers, as such this is currently the only way to get a list of people watching a stream.

:::warning

Twitch has decommissioned this endpoint in April 2023.
Please migrate to [`TwitchHelix#getChatters`](https://twitch4j.github.io/javadoc/com/github/twitch4j/helix/TwitchHelix.html#getChatters(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Integer,java.lang.String)), which now requires moderator authentication.

:::

## Method Definition

```java
@RequestLine("GET /group/user/{channel}/chatters")
HystrixCommand<Chatters> getChatters(
	@Param("channel") String channelName
);
```

*Required Parameters*

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| channelName | text | Target Channel Name |

*Optional Parameters*

None

## Code-Snippets

### print current viewers (chatters)

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
Chatters chatters = twitchClient.getMessagingInterface().getChatters("lirik").execute();

System.out.println("Broadcaster: " + chatters.getBroadcaster());
System.out.println("VIPs: " + chatters.getVips());
System.out.println("Mods: " + chatters.getModerators());
System.out.println("Admins: " + chatters.getAdmins());
System.out.println("Staff: " + chatters.getStaff());
System.out.println("Viewers: " + chatters.getViewers());
System.out.println("All Viewers (sum of the above): " + chatters.getAllViewers());
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val chatters = twitchClient.messagingInterface.getChatters("lirik").execute();

println("Broadcaster: ${chatters.broadcaster}");
println("VIPs: ${chatters.vips}");
println("Mods: ${chatters.moderators}");
println("Admins: ${chatters.admins}");
println("Staff: ${chatters.staff}");
println("Viewers: ${chatters.viewers}");
println("All Viewers (sum of the above): ${chatters.allViewers}");
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def chatters = twitchClient.messagingInterface.getChatters("lirik").execute();

System.out.println("Broadcaster: ${chatters.broadcaster}");
System.out.println("VIPs: ${chatters.vips}");
System.out.println("Mods: ${chatters.moderators}");
System.out.println("Admins: ${chatters.admins}");
System.out.println("Staff: ${chatters.staff}");
System.out.println("Viewers: ${chatters.viewers}");
System.out.println("All Viewers (sum of the above): ${chatters.allViewers}");
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
