docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/rest-tmi/get-hosts.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 11
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Get Hosts

## Description

This endpoint returns a "host" record for each channel ID provided. If the channel is not hosting anyone, the target_id 
and target_login fields will not be present.

## Method Definition

```java
@RequestLine("GET /hosts?include_logins=1&host={id}")
HystrixCommand<HostList> getHosts(
    @Param("id") List<String> channelIds
);
```

*Required Parameters*

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| channelIds | text | A list containing a user ID for each channel to check. |

*Optional Parameters*

None

## Code-Snippets

### print who a channel is hosting

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
HostList hosts = twitchClient.getMessagingInterface().getHosts(Arrays.asList("29829912")).execute();
hosts.getHosts().forEach(host -> {
    System.out.println(host.getHostDisplayName() + " hosting " + host.getTargetDisplayName());
});
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val hosts = twitchClient.messagingInterface.getHosts(["29829912"]).execute()
hosts.hosts.each { host ->
    println("${host.hostDisplayName} hosting ${host.targetDisplayName}")
}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def hosts = twitchClient.messagingInterface.getHosts(["29829912"]).execute()
hosts.hosts.each { host ->
    System.out.println "${host.hostDisplayName} hosting ${host.targetDisplayName}"
}
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

docs: update outdated information (#202)
* docs: mark irc sendPrivateMessage as deprecated

* docs: clarify client helper auth and document clip tracking

* docs: clarify some irc details

* docs: add missing code examples for SimpleEventHandler

* docs: avoid deprecated :::caution admonition

* docs: mark some pubsub topics as deprecated

* docs: update gql warnings

* docs: mark tmi as decommissioned

* docs: update documentation contribution guide

* docs: add missing code examples to credential manager page

* docs: use JavaDependency module on event handler pages

* docs: recommend javadoc usage in helix docs index

* docs: update helix endpoint methods

* chore: clarify cd before yarn in documentation.md

* chore: update readme

docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/rest-tmi/get-hosts.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 11
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Get Hosts

## Description

This endpoint returns a "host" record for each channel ID provided. If the channel is not hosting anyone, the target_id 
and target_login fields will not be present.

:::warning

Twitch removed host mode in October 2022, rendering this endpoint as decommissioned.

:::

## Method Definition

```java
@RequestLine("GET /hosts?include_logins=1&host={id}")
HystrixCommand<HostList> getHosts(
    @Param("id") List<String> channelIds
);
```

*Required Parameters*

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| channelIds | text | A list containing a user ID for each channel to check. |

*Optional Parameters*

None

## Code-Snippets

### print who a channel is hosting

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
HostList hosts = twitchClient.getMessagingInterface().getHosts(Arrays.asList("29829912")).execute();
hosts.getHosts().forEach(host -> {
    System.out.println(host.getHostDisplayName() + " hosting " + host.getTargetDisplayName());
});
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val hosts = twitchClient.messagingInterface.getHosts(["29829912"]).execute()
hosts.hosts.each { host ->
    println("${host.hostDisplayName} hosting ${host.targetDisplayName}")
}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def hosts = twitchClient.messagingInterface.getHosts(["29829912"]).execute()
hosts.hosts.each { host ->
    System.out.println "${host.hostDisplayName} hosting ${host.targetDisplayName}"
}
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
