docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/rest-tmi/get-hosts-of.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 12
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Get Hosts of target channel

## Description

This endpoint returns a "host" record for each channel hosting the channel with the provided targetId. It does not 
return the login of the target, only of the hosts. Therefore getTargetLogin will return null for each Host in 
HostList.getHosts().

## Method Definition

```java
@RequestLine("GET /hosts?include_logins=1&target={id}")
HystrixCommand<HostList> getHostsOf(
    @Param("id") String targetId
);
```

*Required Parameters*

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| targetId | text | The user ID of the channel for which to get host information. |

*Optional Parameters*

None

## Code-Snippets

### print who is hosting a channel

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
HostList hosts = twitchClient.getMessagingInterface().getHostsOf("29829912").execute();
hosts.getHosts().forEach(host -> {
    System.out.println(host.getHostDisplayName());
});
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val hosts = twitchClient.messagingInterface.getHostsOf("29829912").execute()
hosts.hosts.each { host ->
    println(host.hostDisplayName);
}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def hosts = twitchClient.messagingInterface.getHostsOf("29829912").execute()
hosts.hosts.each { host ->
    System.out.println(host.hostDisplayName);
}
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

docs: mark tmi as decommissioned

docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/rest-tmi/get-hosts-of.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 12
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Get Hosts of target channel

## Description

This endpoint returns a "host" record for each channel hosting the channel with the provided targetId. It does not 
return the login of the target, only of the hosts. Therefore getTargetLogin will return null for each Host in 
HostList.getHosts().

:::warning

Twitch removed host mode in October 2022, rendering this endpoint as decommissioned.

:::

## Method Definition

```java
@RequestLine("GET /hosts?include_logins=1&target={id}")
HystrixCommand<HostList> getHostsOf(
    @Param("id") String targetId
);
```

*Required Parameters*

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| targetId | text | The user ID of the channel for which to get host information. |

*Optional Parameters*

None

## Code-Snippets

### print who is hosting a channel

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
HostList hosts = twitchClient.getMessagingInterface().getHostsOf("29829912").execute();
hosts.getHosts().forEach(host -> {
    System.out.println(host.getHostDisplayName());
});
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val hosts = twitchClient.messagingInterface.getHostsOf("29829912").execute()
hosts.hosts.each { host ->
    println(host.hostDisplayName);
}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def hosts = twitchClient.messagingInterface.getHostsOf("29829912").execute()
hosts.hosts.each { host ->
    System.out.println(host.hostDisplayName);
}
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
