docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/rest-tmi/index.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 10
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# API - Messaging Interface

The Twitch Chat System has a few unofficial endpoints which get exposed from `https://tmi.twitch.tv`.

## As Module: Twitch4J

To use TMI you need to enable the TMI API when building the Twitch4J Instance, as shown below:

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
TwitchClient twitchClient = TwitchClientBuilder.builder()
    ...
    .withEnableTMI(true)
    ...
    .build();
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val twitchClient = TwitchClientBuilder.builder()
    ...
    .withEnableTMI(true)
    ...
    .build()
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def twitchClient = TwitchClientBuilder.builder()
    ...
    .withEnableTMI(true)
    ...
    .build()
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Standalone

Initialize the Helix API as Standalone Module:

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
TwitchMessagingInterface client = TwitchMessagingInterfaceBuilder.builder()
    .withClientId("clientId")
    .withClientSecret("clientSecret")
    .build();
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val client = TwitchMessagingInterfaceBuilder.builder()
    .withClientId("clientId")
    .withClientSecret("clientSecret")
    .build()
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def client = TwitchMessagingInterfaceBuilder.builder()
    .withClientId("clientId")
    .withClientSecret("clientSecret")
    .build()
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## API Methods

- [TMI -> Get Chatters](./get-chatters)
- [TMI -> Get Hosts](./get-hosts)
- [TMI -> Get Hosts Of](./get-hosts-of)

Commit message:

docs: mark tmi as decommissioned

docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/rest-tmi/index.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 10
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# API - Messaging Interface

The Twitch Chat System has a few unofficial endpoints which get exposed from `https://tmi.twitch.tv`.

:::danger

Twitch has decommissioned all of these endpoints. Please migrate to the official Helix API.

:::

## As Module: Twitch4J

To use TMI you need to enable the TMI API when building the Twitch4J Instance, as shown below:

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
TwitchClient twitchClient = TwitchClientBuilder.builder()
    ...
    .withEnableTMI(true)
    ...
    .build();
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val twitchClient = TwitchClientBuilder.builder()
    ...
    .withEnableTMI(true)
    ...
    .build()
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def twitchClient = TwitchClientBuilder.builder()
    ...
    .withEnableTMI(true)
    ...
    .build()
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Standalone

Initialize the Helix API as Standalone Module:

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
TwitchMessagingInterface client = TwitchMessagingInterfaceBuilder.builder()
    .withClientId("clientId")
    .withClientSecret("clientSecret")
    .build();
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val client = TwitchMessagingInterfaceBuilder.builder()
    .withClientId("clientId")
    .withClientSecret("clientSecret")
    .build()
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def client = TwitchMessagingInterfaceBuilder.builder()
    .withClientId("clientId")
    .withClientSecret("clientSecret")
    .build()
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## API Methods

- [TMI -> Get Chatters](./get-chatters)
- [TMI -> Get Hosts](./get-hosts)
- [TMI -> Get Hosts Of](./get-hosts-of)
