docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/rest-helix/games-get.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 40
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Games - Get

## Description

Gets game information by game ID or name.

The response has a JSON payload with a data field containing an array of games elements.

## Method Definition

```java
@RequestLine("GET /games?id={id}&name={name}")
@Headers("Authorization: Bearer {token}")
HystrixCommand<GameList> getGames(
    @Param("token") String authToken,
	@Param("id") List<Long> id,
	@Param("name") List<String> name
);
```

*Required Parameters*

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| id | string | Game ID. At most 100 `id` values can be specified |
| name | string | Game name. The name must be an exact match. For instance, “Pokemon” will not return a list of Pokemon games; instead, query the specific Pokemon game(s) in which you are interested. At most `100` name values can be specified. |

*Optional Parameters*

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| authToken     | string    | User Auth Token |

## Code-Snippets

### print game name

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
GameList resultList = twitchClient.getHelix().getGames(Arrays.asList(overwatchGameId), null).execute();

resultList.getGames().forEach(game -> {
    System.out.println("Game ID: " + game.getId() + " is " + game.getName());
});
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val resultList = twitchClient.helix.getGames(listOf(overwatchGameId), null).execute()

resultList.games.forEach { game ->
    println("Game ID: ${game.id} is ${game.name}")
}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def resultList = twitchClient.helix.getGames([overwatchGameId], null).execute()

resultList.games.each { game ->
    System.out.println "Game ID: ${game.id} is ${game.name}"
}
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

docs: update helix endpoint methods

docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/rest-helix/games-get.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 40
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Games - Get

## Description

Gets game information by game ID or name.

You may get up to 100 categories or games by specifying their ID or name. You may specify all IDs, all names, or a combination of IDs and names. If you specify a combination of IDs and names, the total number of IDs and names must not exceed 100.

## Method Definition

```java
@RequestLine("GET /games?id={id}&name={name}&igdb_id={igdb_id}")
@Headers("Authorization: Bearer {token}")
HystrixCommand<GameList> getGames(
    @Param("token") String authToken,
    @Param("id") List<String> id,
    @Param("name") List<String> name,
    @Param("igdb_id") List<String> igdbId
);
```

*Required Parameters (at least one)*

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| id | string | Game ID. At most 100 `id` values can be specified |
| name | string | Game name. The name must be an exact match. For instance, “Pokemon” will not return a list of Pokemon games; instead, query the specific Pokemon game(s) in which you are interested. At most `100` name values can be specified. |
| igdb_id | string | The IGDB ID of the game to get. Maximum: 100. The endpoint ignores duplicate and invalid IDs or IDs that weren’t found. |

*Optional Parameters*

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| authToken     | string    | User or App Auth Token |

## Code-Snippets

### print game name

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
GameList resultList = twitchClient.getHelix().getGames(Arrays.asList(overwatchGameId), null, null).execute();

resultList.getGames().forEach(game -> {
    System.out.println("Game ID: " + game.getId() + " is " + game.getName());
});
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val resultList = twitchClient.helix.getGames(listOf(overwatchGameId), null, null).execute()

resultList.games.forEach { game ->
    println("Game ID: ${game.id} is ${game.name}")
}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def resultList = twitchClient.helix.getGames([overwatchGameId], null, null).execute()

resultList.games.each { game ->
    System.out.println "Game ID: ${game.id} is ${game.name}"
}
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
