docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/rest-helix/index.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 5
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# API - Helix

To make an application that uses the Twitch API, you first need to register your application on the Twitch developer site. When creating this app, enter your redirect URI, which is where your users are redirected after being authorized.

Once you create a developer application, you are assigned a client ID. Some authentication flows also require a client secret, which you can generate on the same page as the client ID.

* Client IDs are public and can be shared (for example, embedded in the source of a Web page).
* Client secrets are equivalent to a password for your application and must be kept confidential. Never expose it to users, even in an obscured form.

Because your client secret is confidential, we cannot show it to you once you leave the page, so make sure to record it somewhere safe. Also, generating a new client secret immediately invalidates the current one, which might make your API requests fail until your app is updated.

Warning: Client IDs should be unique for each application: do not re-use client IDs across multiple applications. Also, applications should request the appropriate set of scopes for the intended target APIs. Failure to adhere to these guidelines may result in the suspension of your application’s access to the Twitch API.

You can create new application on the [Twitch Developer Console](https://glass.twitch.tv/console/apps/create)

## As Module: Twitch4J

To use Helix you need to enable the Helix API when building the Twitch4J Instance, as shown below:

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
TwitchClient twitchClient = TwitchClientBuilder.builder()
    ...
    .withEnableHelix(true)
    ...
    .build();
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val twitchClient = TwitchClientBuilder.builder()
    ...
    .withEnableHelix(true)
    ...
    .build()
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def twitchClient = TwitchClientBuilder.builder()
    ...
    .withEnableHelix(true)
    ...
    .build()
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Standalone

Initialize the Helix API as Standalone Module:

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
TwitchHelix client = TwitchHelixBuilder.builder()
    .withClientId("clientId")
    .withClientSecret("clientSecret")
    .build();
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val client = TwitchHelixBuilder.builder()
    .withClientId("clientId")
    .withClientSecret("clientSecret")
    .build()
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def client = TwitchHelixBuilder.builder()
    .withClientId("clientId")
    .withClientSecret("clientSecret")
    .build()
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## API Methods

Analytics:

- [Analytics -> Extension Analytics Url](./analytics-extension-url)
- [Analytics -> Game Analytics Url](./analytics-game-url)

Bits:

- [Bits -> Get Leaderboard](./bits-leaderboard)
- [Bits -> Get Cheermotes](./bits-cheermotes)

Clips:

- [Clips -> Create Clip](./clips-create)
- [Clips -> Get Clips](./clips-get)

Entitlements:

- Create Entitlement Grants Upload URL
- [Entitlements -> Get Code Status](./entitlements-codes)
- [Entitlements -> Redeem Code](./entitlements-redeem-codes)

Games:

- [Games -> Search](./games-get)
- [Games -> Top Games](./games-top)

Moderation:

- [Moderators -> Get](./moderators-get)
- [Moderators -> Get Events](./moderators-get-events)

Streams:

- [Streams -> Search](./streams-get)
- [Streams -> Get Key](./streams-get-key)
- Create Stream Marker
- [Streams -> Get Markers](./streams-markers-get)

Subscriptions:

- [Subscriptions -> Get All](./subscriptions-get)
- [Subscriptions -> Get by UserId](./subscriptions-byuser)

Users:

- [Users -> Get](./users-get)
- [Users -> Get Followers](./users-followers)
- [Users -> Update](./users-update)
- [Users -> Get Extensions](./users-extensions)
- [Users -> Get Active Extensions](./users-active-extensions)
- Update User Extensions

Videos:

- [Videos -> Search](./videos-get)
- Get Webhook Subscriptions

Commit message:

docs: update outdated information (#202)
* docs: mark irc sendPrivateMessage as deprecated

* docs: clarify client helper auth and document clip tracking

* docs: clarify some irc details

* docs: add missing code examples for SimpleEventHandler

* docs: avoid deprecated :::caution admonition

* docs: mark some pubsub topics as deprecated

* docs: update gql warnings

* docs: mark tmi as decommissioned

* docs: update documentation contribution guide

* docs: add missing code examples to credential manager page

* docs: use JavaDependency module on event handler pages

* docs: recommend javadoc usage in helix docs index

* docs: update helix endpoint methods

* chore: clarify cd before yarn in documentation.md

* chore: update readme

docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/rest-helix/index.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 5
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# API - Helix

To make an application that uses the Twitch API, you first need to register your application on the Twitch developer site. When creating this app, enter your redirect URI, which is where your users are redirected after being authorized.

Once you create a developer application, you are assigned a client ID. Some authentication flows also require a client secret, which you can generate on the same page as the client ID.

* Client IDs are public and can be shared (for example, embedded in the source of a Web page).
* Client secrets are equivalent to a password for your application and must be kept confidential. Never expose it to users, even in an obscured form.

Because your client secret is confidential, we cannot show it to you once you leave the page, so make sure to record it somewhere safe. Also, generating a new client secret immediately invalidates the current one, which might make your API requests fail until your app is updated.

Warning: Client IDs should be unique for each application: do not re-use client IDs across multiple applications. Also, applications should request the appropriate set of scopes for the intended target APIs. Failure to adhere to these guidelines may result in the suspension of your application’s access to the Twitch API.

You can create new application on the [Twitch Developer Console](https://glass.twitch.tv/console/apps/create)

To obtain user access tokens, you will need need to undergo an OAuth2 flow (excluding the client credentials flow): https://dev.twitch.tv/docs/authentication/getting-tokens-oauth/
Alternatively, it can be easier to utilize a generator website like https://twitchtokengenerator.com (if you use their client id, the token will not expire).
User access tokens can be passed as the first argument to any `TwitchHelix` method,
or you can specify `withDefaultAuthToken(OAuth2Credential)` on a module builder.

:::info

We recommend you utilize our [JavaDocs](https://twitch4j.github.io/javadoc/com/github/twitch4j/helix/TwitchHelix.html) for more updated documentation regarding the Helix API module.

:::

## As Module: Twitch4J

To use Helix you need to enable the Helix API when building the Twitch4J Instance, as shown below:

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
TwitchClient twitchClient = TwitchClientBuilder.builder()
    ...
    .withEnableHelix(true)
    ...
    .build();
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val twitchClient = TwitchClientBuilder.builder()
    ...
    .withEnableHelix(true)
    ...
    .build()
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def twitchClient = TwitchClientBuilder.builder()
    ...
    .withEnableHelix(true)
    ...
    .build()
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Standalone

Initialize the Helix API as Standalone Module:

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
TwitchHelix client = TwitchHelixBuilder.builder()
    .withClientId("clientId")
    .withClientSecret("clientSecret")
    .build();
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val client = TwitchHelixBuilder.builder()
    .withClientId("clientId")
    .withClientSecret("clientSecret")
    .build()
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def client = TwitchHelixBuilder.builder()
    .withClientId("clientId")
    .withClientSecret("clientSecret")
    .build()
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## API Methods

:::note

The following list is incomplete; Twitch4J implements all Helix endpoints, which is reflected in our [javadocs](https://twitch4j.github.io/javadoc/com/github/twitch4j/helix/TwitchHelix.html).

:::

Analytics:

- [Analytics -> Extension Analytics Url](./analytics-extension-url)
- [Analytics -> Game Analytics Url](./analytics-game-url)

Bits:

- [Bits -> Get Leaderboard](./bits-leaderboard)
- [Bits -> Get Cheermotes](./bits-cheermotes)

Clips:

- [Clips -> Create Clip](./clips-create)
- [Clips -> Get Clips](./clips-get)

Entitlements:

- Create Entitlement Grants Upload URL
- [Entitlements -> Get Code Status (Deprecated)](./entitlements-codes)
- [Entitlements -> Redeem Code](./entitlements-redeem-codes)

Games:

- [Games -> Search](./games-get)
- [Games -> Top Games](./games-top)

Moderation:

- [Moderators -> Get](./moderators-get)
- [Moderators -> Get Events (Deprecated)](./moderators-get-events)

Streams:

- [Streams -> Search](./streams-get)
- [Streams -> Get Key](./streams-get-key)
- Create Stream Marker
- [Streams -> Get Markers](./streams-markers-get)

Subscriptions:

- [Subscriptions -> Get All](./subscriptions-get)
- [Subscriptions -> Get by UserId](./subscriptions-byuser)

Users:

- [Users -> Get](./users-get)
- [Users -> Get Followers](./users-followers)
- [Users -> Update](./users-update)
- [Users -> Get Extensions](./users-extensions)
- [Users -> Get Active Extensions](./users-active-extensions)
- Update User Extensions

Videos:

- [Videos -> Get](./videos-get)
