docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/rest-helix/moderators-get-events.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 46
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Moderators - Get Events

## Description

Returns a list of moderators or users added and removed as moderators from a channel.

## Method Definition

```java
@RequestLine(value = "GET /moderation/moderators/events?broadcaster_id={broadcaster_id}&user_id={user_id}&after={after}", collectionFormat = CollectionFormat.CSV)
@Headers("Authorization: Bearer {token}")
HystrixCommand<ModeratorEventList> getModeratorEvents(
    @Param("token") String authToken,
    @Param("broadcaster_id") String broadcasterId,
    @Param("user_id") List<String> userIds,
    @Param("after") String after
);
```

*Required Parameters*

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| authToken     | string    | User Token for the broadcaster (scope: moderation:read) |
| broadcasterId | string    | Provided broadcaster_id must match the user_id in the auth token. |

*Optional Parameters*

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| userIds       | string    | Filters the results and only returns a status object for users who are moderators in this channel and have a matching user_id. |
| after         | string    | Cursor for forward pagination: tells the server where to start fetching the next set of results, in a multi-page response. The cursor value specified here is from the pagination response field of a prior query. |

## Code-Snippets

### print list of moderator events

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
ModeratorEventList resultList = twitchClient.getHelix().getModeratorEvents(authToken, broadcasterId, null, null).execute();
resultList.getEvents().forEach(event -> {
    System.out.println(event);
});
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val resultList = twitchClient.helix.getModeratorEvents(authToken, broadcasterId, null, null).execute()
resultList.events.forEach { event ->
    println(event)
}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def resultList = twitchClient.helix.getModeratorEvents(authToken, broadcasterId, null, null).execute()
resultList.events.each { event ->
    System.out.println event
}
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

docs: update outdated information (#202)
* docs: mark irc sendPrivateMessage as deprecated

* docs: clarify client helper auth and document clip tracking

* docs: clarify some irc details

* docs: add missing code examples for SimpleEventHandler

* docs: avoid deprecated :::caution admonition

* docs: mark some pubsub topics as deprecated

* docs: update gql warnings

* docs: mark tmi as decommissioned

* docs: update documentation contribution guide

* docs: add missing code examples to credential manager page

* docs: use JavaDependency module on event handler pages

* docs: recommend javadoc usage in helix docs index

* docs: update helix endpoint methods

* chore: clarify cd before yarn in documentation.md

* chore: update readme

docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/rest-helix/moderators-get-events.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 46
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Moderators - Get Events

## Description

Returns a list of moderators or users added and removed as moderators from a channel.

:::warning

Twitch decommissioned this endpoint on March 15, 2022.

:::

## Method Definition

```java
@Deprecated
@RequestLine(value = "GET /moderation/moderators/events?broadcaster_id={broadcaster_id}&user_id={user_id}&after={after}", collectionFormat = CollectionFormat.CSV)
@Headers("Authorization: Bearer {token}")
HystrixCommand<ModeratorEventList> getModeratorEvents(
    @Param("token") String authToken,
    @Param("broadcaster_id") String broadcasterId,
    @Param("user_id") List<String> userIds,
    @Param("after") String after
);
```

*Required Parameters*

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| authToken     | string    | User Token for the broadcaster (scope: moderation:read) |
| broadcasterId | string    | Provided broadcaster_id must match the user_id in the auth token. |

*Optional Parameters*

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| userIds       | string    | Filters the results and only returns a status object for users who are moderators in this channel and have a matching user_id. |
| after         | string    | Cursor for forward pagination: tells the server where to start fetching the next set of results, in a multi-page response. The cursor value specified here is from the pagination response field of a prior query. |

## Code-Snippets

### print list of moderator events

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
ModeratorEventList resultList = twitchClient.getHelix().getModeratorEvents(authToken, broadcasterId, null, null).execute();
resultList.getEvents().forEach(event -> {
    System.out.println(event);
});
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val resultList = twitchClient.helix.getModeratorEvents(authToken, broadcasterId, null, null).execute()
resultList.events.forEach { event ->
    println(event)
}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def resultList = twitchClient.helix.getModeratorEvents(authToken, broadcasterId, null, null).execute()
resultList.events.each { event ->
    System.out.println event
}
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
