docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/rest-helix/streamtags-replace.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 56
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# StreamTags - Replace Stream Tags

## Description

Applies specified tags to a specified stream, overwriting any existing tags applied to that stream. If no tags are specified, all tags previously applied to the stream are removed. Automated tags are not affected by this operation.

Tags expire 72 hours after they are applied, unless the stream is live within that time period. If the stream is live within the 72-hour window, the 72-hour clock restarts when the stream goes offline. The expiration period is subject to change.

## Method Definition

```java
@RequestLine("PUT /streams/tags?broadcaster_id={broadcaster_id}")
@Headers    
({
	"Authorization: Bearer {token}",
	"Content-Type: application/json"
})    
@Body("%7B\"tag_ids\": [{tag_ids}]%7D")
HystrixCommand<Object> replaceStreamTags(
		@Param("token") String authToken,
		@Param("broadcaster_id") Long broadcasterId,
		@Param(value = "tag_ids", expander = ObjectToJsonExpander.class ) List<UUID> tagIds
);
```

*Required Parameters*

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| broadcaster_id | string | ID of the stream thats tags are going to be fetched |

*Optional Parameters*

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| authToken     | string    | User Auth Token |
| tag_ids | string | IDs of tags to be applied to the stream. Maximum of 100 supported. |

## Code-Snippets

Commit message:

docs: update outdated information (#202)
* docs: mark irc sendPrivateMessage as deprecated

* docs: clarify client helper auth and document clip tracking

* docs: clarify some irc details

* docs: add missing code examples for SimpleEventHandler

* docs: avoid deprecated :::caution admonition

* docs: mark some pubsub topics as deprecated

* docs: update gql warnings

* docs: mark tmi as decommissioned

* docs: update documentation contribution guide

* docs: add missing code examples to credential manager page

* docs: use JavaDependency module on event handler pages

* docs: recommend javadoc usage in helix docs index

* docs: update helix endpoint methods

* chore: clarify cd before yarn in documentation.md

* chore: update readme

docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/rest-helix/streamtags-replace.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 56
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# StreamTags - Replace Stream Tags

## Description

Applies specified tags to a specified stream, overwriting any existing tags applied to that stream. If no tags are specified, all tags previously applied to the stream are removed. Automated tags are not affected by this operation.

Tags expire 72 hours after they are applied, unless the stream is live within that time period. If the stream is live within the 72-hour window, the 72-hour clock restarts when the stream goes offline. The expiration period is subject to change.

:::warning

Twitch decommissioned this endpoint on 2023-07-13 in favor of the free-form tags system.

:::

## Method Definition

```java
@Deprecated
@RequestLine("PUT /streams/tags?broadcaster_id={broadcaster_id}")
@Headers    
({
    "Authorization: Bearer {token}",
    "Content-Type: application/json"
})
@Body("%7B\"tag_ids\": [{tag_ids}]%7D")
HystrixCommand<Object> replaceStreamTags(
    @Param("token") String authToken,
    @Param("broadcaster_id") String broadcasterId,
    @Param(value = "tag_ids", expander = ObjectToJsonExpander.class ) List<UUID> tagIds
);
```

*Required Parameters*

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| authToken     | string    | User Auth Token |
| broadcaster_id | string | ID of the channel thats tags are going to be replaced. |
| tag_ids | string | IDs of tags to be applied to the stream. Maximum of 100 supported. |

*Optional Parameters*

None
