docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/rest-helix/subscriptions-byuser.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 56
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Subscriptions - Check Subscription Status

## Description

Gets broadcaster’s subscriptions by user ID (one or more).

Required OAuth Scope: `channel:read:subscriptions`

## Method Definition

```java
@RequestLine("GET /subscriptions?broadcaster_id={broadcaster_id}&user_id={user_id}")
@Headers("Authorization: Bearer {token}")
HystrixCommand<SubscriptionList> getSubscriptionsByUser(
	@Param("token") String authToken,
	@Param("broadcaster_id") Long broadcasterId,
	@Param("user_id") List<Long> userIds
);
```

*Required Parameters*

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| token | string | bearer token |
| broadcaster_id | number | ID of the broadcaster. Must match the User ID in the Bearer token |
| user_id | string | Returns streams broadcast by one or more specified user IDs. You can specify up to 100 IDs. |

*Optional Parameters*

*None*

## Code-Snippets

Commit message:

docs: update outdated information (#202)
* docs: mark irc sendPrivateMessage as deprecated

* docs: clarify client helper auth and document clip tracking

* docs: clarify some irc details

* docs: add missing code examples for SimpleEventHandler

* docs: avoid deprecated :::caution admonition

* docs: mark some pubsub topics as deprecated

* docs: update gql warnings

* docs: mark tmi as decommissioned

* docs: update documentation contribution guide

* docs: add missing code examples to credential manager page

* docs: use JavaDependency module on event handler pages

* docs: recommend javadoc usage in helix docs index

* docs: update helix endpoint methods

* chore: clarify cd before yarn in documentation.md

* chore: update readme

docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/rest-helix/subscriptions-byuser.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 56
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Subscriptions - Check Subscription Status

## Description

Gets broadcaster’s subscriptions by user ID (one or more).

Required OAuth Scope: `channel:read:subscriptions`

## Method Definition

```java
@RequestLine("GET /subscriptions?broadcaster_id={broadcaster_id}&user_id={user_id}")
@Headers("Authorization: Bearer {token}")
HystrixCommand<SubscriptionList> getSubscriptionsByUser(
    @Param("token") String authToken,
    @Param("broadcaster_id") String broadcasterId,
    @Param("user_id") List<String> userIds
);
```

*Required Parameters*

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| token | string | User access token from the broadcaster with the `channel:read:subscriptions` scope. |
| broadcaster_id | string | ID of the broadcaster. Must match the User ID in the Bearer token. |
| user_id | string | Returns streams broadcast by one or more specified user IDs. You can specify up to 100 IDs. |

*Optional Parameters*

*None*
