docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/rest-helix/users-update.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 62
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Users - Update

## Description

Updates the description of a user specified by a Bearer token.

## Method Definition

```java
@RequestLine("PUT /users?description={description}")
@Headers("Authorization: Bearer {token}")
HystrixCommand<UserList> updateUser(
	@Param("token") String authToken,
	@Param("description") String description
);
```

*Required Parameters*

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| authToken | string | User Auth Token -> `user:edit` |
| description | string | The new description |

*Optional Parameters*

None

## Code-Snippets

### update the description of a user

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
twitchClient.getHelix().updateUser(accessToken, "Twitch4J IntegrationTest User").execute();
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
twitchClient.helix.updateUser(accessToken, "Twitch4J IntegrationTest User").execute()
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
twitchClient.helix.updateUser(accessToken, "Twitch4J IntegrationTest User").execute()
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

docs: update helix endpoint methods

docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/rest-helix/users-update.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 62
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Users - Update

## Description

Updates the description of a user specified by a Bearer token.

## Method Definition

```java
@RequestLine("PUT /users?description={description}")
@Headers("Authorization: Bearer {token}")
HystrixCommand<UserList> updateUser(
    @Param("token") String authToken,
    @Param("description") String description
);
```

*Required Parameters*

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| authToken | string | User Auth Token with the `user:edit` scope |
| description | string | The string to update the channel’s description to. The description is limited to a maximum of 300 characters. |

*Optional Parameters*

None

## Code-Snippets

### update the description of a user

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
twitchClient.getHelix().updateUser(accessToken, "Twitch4J IntegrationTest User").execute();
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
twitchClient.helix.updateUser(accessToken, "Twitch4J IntegrationTest User").execute()
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
twitchClient.helix.updateUser(accessToken, "Twitch4J IntegrationTest User").execute()
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
