docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/rest-helix/users-get.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 60
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Users - Get

## Description

Gets information about one or more specified Twitch users. Users are identified by optional user IDs and/or login name. If neither a user ID nor a login name is specified, the user is looked up by Bearer token.

## Method Definition

```java
@RequestLine("GET /users?id={id}&login={login}")
@Headers("Authorization: Bearer {token}")
HystrixCommand<UserList> getUsers(
	@Param("token") String authToken,
	@Param("id") List<Long> userIds,
	@Param("login") List<String> userNames
);
```

*Required Parameters*

None

*Optional Parameters*

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| authToken     | string    | Can be used if requesting information about your own account, to include the email |
| id            | string    | User ID. Multiple user IDs can be specified. Limit: `100`. |
| login         | string    | User login name. Multiple login names can be specified. Limit: `100`. |

## Code-Snippets

### print user list - search by id

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
UserList resultList = twitchClient.getHelix().getUsers(null, Arrays.asList("149223493"), null).execute();
resultList.getUsers().forEach(user -> {
	System.out.println(user);
});
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val resultList = twitchClient.helix.getUsers(null, listOf("149223493"), null).execute()
resultList.users.forEach { user ->
	println(user)
}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def resultList = twitchClient.helix.getUsers(null, ["149223493"], null).execute()
resultList.users.forEach { user ->
	System.out.println user
}
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### print user list - search by name

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
UserList resultList = twitchClient.getHelix().getUsers(null, null, Arrays.asList("twitch4j")).execute();
resultList.getUsers().forEach(user -> {
	System.out.println(user);
});
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val resultList = twitchClient.helix.getUsers(null, null, listOf("twitch4j")).execute()
resultList.users.forEach { user ->
	println(user)
}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def resultList = twitchClient.helix.getUsers(null, null, ["twitch4j"]).execute()
resultList.users.each { user ->
	System.out.println user
}
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Commit message:

docs: update outdated information (#202)
* docs: mark irc sendPrivateMessage as deprecated

* docs: clarify client helper auth and document clip tracking

* docs: clarify some irc details

* docs: add missing code examples for SimpleEventHandler

* docs: avoid deprecated :::caution admonition

* docs: mark some pubsub topics as deprecated

* docs: update gql warnings

* docs: mark tmi as decommissioned

* docs: update documentation contribution guide

* docs: add missing code examples to credential manager page

* docs: use JavaDependency module on event handler pages

* docs: recommend javadoc usage in helix docs index

* docs: update helix endpoint methods

* chore: clarify cd before yarn in documentation.md

* chore: update readme

docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/rest-helix/users-get.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 60
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Users - Get

## Description

Gets information about one or more specified Twitch users. Users are identified by optional user IDs and/or login name. If neither a user ID nor a login name is specified, the user is looked up by Bearer token.

To include the user’s verified email address in the response, you must use a user access token that includes the `user:read:email` scope (and matches their ID).

## Method Definition

```java
@RequestLine("GET /users?id={id}&login={login}")
@Headers("Authorization: Bearer {token}")
HystrixCommand<UserList> getUsers(
    @Param("token") String authToken,
    @Param("id") List<String> userIds,
    @Param("login") List<String> userNames
);
```

*Required Parameters*

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| authToken     | string    | User or App Access Token. |

*Optional Parameters*

| Name          | Type      | Description  |
| ------------- |:---------:| -----------------:|
| id            | string    | User ID. Multiple user IDs can be specified. Limit: `100`. |
| login         | string    | User login name. Multiple login names can be specified. Limit: `100`. |

## Code-Snippets

### print user list - search by id

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
UserList resultList = twitchClient.getHelix().getUsers(null, Arrays.asList("149223493"), null).execute();
resultList.getUsers().forEach(user -> {
	System.out.println(user);
});
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val resultList = twitchClient.helix.getUsers(null, listOf("149223493"), null).execute()
resultList.users.forEach { user ->
	println(user)
}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def resultList = twitchClient.helix.getUsers(null, ["149223493"], null).execute()
resultList.users.forEach { user ->
	System.out.println user
}
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### print user list - search by name

<Tabs groupId="code">
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
UserList resultList = twitchClient.getHelix().getUsers(null, null, Arrays.asList("twitch4j")).execute();
resultList.getUsers().forEach(user -> {
	System.out.println(user);
});
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin" label="Kotlin">

```kotlin
val resultList = twitchClient.helix.getUsers(null, null, listOf("twitch4j")).execute()
resultList.users.forEach { user ->
	println(user)
}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="groovy" label="Groovy">

```groovy
def resultList = twitchClient.helix.getUsers(null, null, ["twitch4j"]).execute()
resultList.users.each { user ->
	System.out.println user
}
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>
